hello and welcome to this blackboard
review of the changeable cover plates
and matching themes of the new Nintendo
3ds
first of all I'll have a look at the
Yoshi one because that's already on my
console and first things first I have
the Yoshi theme on this and when you
open it it does it I really like that I
don't yet know if they do it on the
peach or the Isabella so we'll have a
look at that in a bit I'll be a surprise
between two and then it just plays a
generic Marius on in the background I
just turn that down me show you the rest
and the rest of it I think so
personally I prefer these character
cover plates because they're shiny and
they look much better than some of them
at once like Isabella one which I'll be
looking at is matte and it still looks
fantastic but I just think these these
character cover plates have a better
overall effect alright so this is the
peach cover plate and I have the
matching theme set so I'll see what
happens
alright so it's just a generic scenario
sound effect but still the same as the
Yoshi theme features on the side it's
painting and mary athena two brunettes
just turn it there and that is the
overall look of the cover plate again
shiny gloss effect really nice and works
well with the matching theme right onto
the is about cover plates and i've been
using this one for a fair while and it's
matching theme so I'm pretty sure this
doesn't do anything when you open it and
that just carries on playing the Animal
Crossing music which is nice I really do
quite like this theme to turn up it it's
the bulletin board theme I think
everything I've showed you I think
they're about one pound seventy nine or
around that range and this is quite a
nice I like I like the idea of this
thing just turns down and the flowers
and the bulletin it's very very animal
crossing it it fits the game perfectly
and then of course Isobel in the corner
matches the cover plates these are matte
cover
so the only matter I have excluding the
originals that come with the console
they're quite nice actually they don't
seem to be attracting actually these
attract less fingerprints and the glossy
ones which obviously makes sense but
this I think is an import but I got it
from ebay on in the UK for about eleven
parents I think so it's quite a bargain
I bought it before my console arrived so
I've been using this since the beginning
I'm really happy with this one actually
something a bit different and something
that's a bit harder to get obviously
grateful anyone that connects but pretty
easy to get on eBay and they're all
official they're not fake or anything so
if you are looking for something a bit
different than perhaps you can't get in
the UK then there are a lot of people
importing them and selling them here and
they all fit there's no sort of region
locking or and who might go obviously so
it's great also quick review of my
screwdriver because if you watched my
previous review you'll know that I had
trouble getting cupboard plates off when
it arrived I didn't have the right
screwdriver and this is actually even
Poundland believe it or not and it has
interchangeable and I bought it because
I wanted all bases covered if I was
going to be spending money but pounds of
pounds ok and then you can store all the
other attachments in the pen so it's
hardly a waste of a pound so I'm just
saying if you need a screwdriver for
cover plates it doesn't come with it
popped foul and they had loads of
choices there and this was just my
favourite because it was a good option
so thanks for watching my review of the
cover plates and matching things and
please check out my channel for more
Nintendo reviews